Sayuri
You promised me.
The Four Treasures will definitely be cured
Of course 1 million nothing to me
Then you must treat him as your own child
Take good care
Be less verbose
It's you again, bad woman
Where are you taking Sebao?
Bad things are coming, hurry up
Who are you?
Mom mom save me
What is it called?
I will be a mommy from now on
Take away
Take care of these three people and stop chasing them
Mom, Mom, please save my mom
Oh, Mom!
Ah, crying all the way
noisy madam
Are we really going to treat this kid?
It's a fart, it's a little wild
Have the same virtue as that pig
Just find a place to fend for yourself
Yes
Stop mom don't want me
Why is that?
This is a dead run
How could you do this to a child?